In this module we were asked to take data from a Citi Bike Program in New York City and do our own visualizations and analysis.
After downloading the last 3 months of data from https://citibikenyc.com/system-data. I wanted to look at 4 major things that I thought would be important to understand if the program is successful.
The 4 things that I wanted to examine were:
1.	Where are the bikes being used?
2.	Who is using the program? 
3.	When are people using the program?
4.	For how long (duration of the trip) are the bikes being used?
After analyzing the data, I was able to create 6 visualizations that I was able to apply to my analysis. In the first visualization, I wanted to map the stations by popularity using a proportional symbols map. I then wanted to look at where the most starting stations were located and where the most ending stations were located. This information could be very useful for the program creators by being able to place more bikes in the most popular stations. Next, I wanted to see statistically/numerically who is using the program. I used a pie chart to compare the number of casual users versus the number of member users. It was very clear that most of the users were member users. Thirdly, I wanted to know and visualize when the peak usage hours were of the program as used by member users versus casual users. When looking at the visualization the peak usage for members were at 8 am and 5 pm. There can be some very important information drawn from such data. It seems that most members users use the program during work commute times (for getting to and from work). As for causal users what I assume is probably people such as tourists’ peak usage time is around 5 pm. This also make a lot of sense because most casual users will be using the throughout the day with most user using the program in the afternoon. Finally, I wanted to know what the total duration of rides by user type and the average duration of a trip by user type. Simple bar charts show the total duration of rides by minute by user type and the average duration of rides by minute by user type. The average duration of a ride for a member user is about 7.7 min and the average duration of a trip by a casual user is 16.6 min. 
The reason I wanted to look at this particular data is because I thought that I would be very important to know if I actually wanted to know how it can be improved and be more accessible to more users. 
